# Event Management Mobile Application using PostgreSQL for Philippine Association of Practitioners of Student Affairs and Services (PAPSAS, Inc.)

The proposed project aims to address these challenges by developing a mobile application that will allow the PAPSAS, Inc. to gather data and provide latest information to its members by notifying them of the organization’s latest and upcoming events, achievements, and decisions. This way, the organization can achieve greater flexibility, and control over its data. This shift will enable the organization to effectively disseminate information to its members, streamline organizational process, and ensure up-to-date information.

## Overview

The Philippine Association of Practitioners of Student Affairs and Services (PAPSAS) is the official national association of student affairs and services personnel in the Philippines. It aims to promote the professional development and welfare of its members, as well as to advocate for the quality and excellence of student affairs and services in the country. PAPSAS collects, stores, and analyzes various data of more than 500 practitioners related to its activities, such as membership, events, programs, projects, partnerships, surveys, and reports. However, PAPSAS currently relies on traditional methods such as Google Forms as its main tool for data collection and storage, which has several limitations and challenges. For instance, Google Forms does not provide adequate data integrity, scalability, and integration. Also, the organization relies on social media to disseminate information about their upcoming events and achievements. Moreover, as the volume of data generated by PAPSAS activities continues to grow, there is a pressing need for a more robust and efficient data management system.

## Objectives

The main objective of this study is to provide up-to-date information to PAPSAS, Inc.'s members through the mobile application.

  1.	To develop and implement a mobile application for PAPSAS, Inc. that provides latest information such as:

    	1.1.	Latest and upcoming events such as national conventions, research conferences, and webinars.

    	1.2.	Achievements, and announcements such as new elected officers, and deadline of registration.
      
  3.	To streamline organizational processes through the following functionalities:

    	2.1.	Notify the members about the payment dues, and registrations.

    	2.2.	Communicate with members that can only use mobile devices.

# Project Description

## Scope and Limitations

The application can only be accessed by the members of PAPSAS, Inc.. The application will provide role-based access to the members to maintain data integrity and confidentiality. The officers of the organization can only view the information from stored in the database. They will need to use the web application to be able to update and manage the data. 

## Problem
  •	PAPSAS, Inc. uses traditional method to collect and organize their data.
  
  •	The organization relies on social media such as Facebook to disseminate information such as announcements and upcoming events.

## Feature
  •	Register new members
  
  •	Notification of upcoming events
  
  •	Update membership information
  
  •	View upcoming events in Event Calendar
